Update documentation (asyncapi support page) (#72)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/specifications-support/asyncapi-support.md

## Partially supported: message object `payload`

> [Message object](https://github.com/okere-prince/asyncapi/blob/master/versions/2.0.0/asyncapi.md#message-object) field `payload` could be of any type according to the specification, but we only support `SchemaObject` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Message object](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/v2.6.0#messageObject) field `payload` could be of any type according to the specification, but we only support `SchemaObject` type.
```

## Partially supported: server `security` and `securitySchemes`

AsyncAPI `securitySchemes` property with these authentication types are supported:

- `http`
- `apiKey`
- `httpApiKey`
- `oauth2`
- `openIdConnect`

The following authentication types are **not** supported: 
- `X509`
- `symmetricEncryption`
- `asymmetricEncryption`
- `plain`
- `scramSha256`
- `scramSha512`

> - `gssapi.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gssapi`
```

It seems there's an old typo in this content :)

JSON Schema provides the possibility to declare a property as read or write only, with boolean fields `writeOnly` and `readOnly` (cf [JSON Schema documentation](https://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-validation.html#rfc.section.10.3)).

Basically, in Async API context, it means that a `writeOnly` property makes sense in a **request** only (as password for example).

- `writeOnly` properties are hidden when they belong to a subscribe operation (messages produced by the application and sent to the channel).

`readOnly` makes sense in a **response** only ( `created_at`, `updated_at`, `uuid`...). Similarly, we decided to hide a property defined as readOnly when it belongs to a publish operation (messages consumed by the application from the channel).

- `readOnly` properties are hidden when they belong to a publish operation (messages consumed by the application from the channel).

:::info
Not displaying `writeOnly` properties in subscribe operations and `readOnly` properties in publish operations allows the use of same `Schema Object` everywhere it is needed, without generating  confusing informations in the documentation.
:::

> Thus, it becomes easy to use the same `Schema Object` in different contexts, for example as seen below:

Reviewer 2: Adding the writeOnly and readOnly behaviors makes sense, but maybe it's too dense here. Do you think we could simplify it?

Also, here are some specific feedbacks:
* typo: `Async API` VS `AsyncAPI`
* using the request/response paradigm is a bit surprising in the context of async apis (as there are no requests/responses but events)
* as the writeOnly/readOnly statement is not related to AsyncAPI specifically, should we start extracting this in a `JSON schema` page, and point to this page from OpenAPI and AsyncAPI ones?

Would you like some help with simplifying the block? We can work together on this :)

Author: All of the above has been addressed in https://github.com/bump-sh/docs/pull/72/commits/8fc67bc3ed3b722ddd2ced518e927dc57ed31c08. I've extracted the content from openapi and asyncapi support in a JSON schema page and simplified so it makes sense in both OpenAPI and AsyncAPI context. Let me know your thoughts or feedbacks
